Features:
	Player List
		Once you open up a server log, LFA searches through the entire log and tries to find every player it can.
		It puts every player into a dictionary with these values:
			Their In-game names
			Their IPs
			Their Computer ID
			Their BYOND CKey
		By double clicking a name in the Player List, you open up the player viewer.
		You are also able to search for ips, in-game names, ckeys, and computer ids in a small search bar below the player list.
	Player Viewer
		The player viewer is a small window that contains the following information about the selected player
			BYOND CKey
			Computer ID
			In-game names
			IPs
			Players with the same Computer ID
			Players with the same IP
		The player viewer also has a small area with the same functionality as the regular log searcher.
			However, when searching with this searcher, the only results that will be shown are results which contain a reference to the player's Ckey.
	Log Searcher
		The log searcher is a small module that has a few features to help with searching through a log.
		First of all are Search Terms. The log searcher will search through each line in the log and compare the list of Positive Search Terms to the line.
		With positive search terms, you can prepend a "+" to declare it as a AND term. Otherwise, it will be considered an OR term.
			With AND terms, ALL of the terms must be in the line in order for it to be included
			With OR terms, at least one of the terms must be in the line in order for it to be included
		If the line contains ANY of the negative search terms, then the program will NOT include the line in the search results.
		After a search is completed, a new window will pop up.
	Log Search Result Viewer
		Exactly what it sounds like. It displays the results of your search.
		It has a panel with the same functionality as the standard log searcher, except this one will only search the results it has displayed.
		The viewer also has an export function for saving the results displayed.